Everybody was preparing for the Christmas on their houses while the grinch was bored.
They were playing musical instruments while they were riding bicycles.
The Grinch was hating Christmas at the beginning of the story.

They were dreaming without fear when the grinch stole their presents for Christmas
..... and also he stole every piece of decorations and Christmas food.
Cindy saw him while he was taking the Christmas tree from her house.
Although every piece of decorations, present, and Christmas food were stole they were singing around the Christmas tree.

While the Grinch was making his plan robbed the Christmas his dog was happy about Christmas
When the Grinch arrived the town, everybody was sleeping 
While the Grinch was thinking about how good is Christmas, the car felt down to the hill
While the Grinch's hearth's shrinked because he hates Christmas, the Who village were enjoying it.
The dog was hanging on the top of the hill while the grinch was astonished about the Who people's happiness 


The tv shows us how people manage their feelings about Christmas, most of them only enjoy the holiday with no care about the meaning of that celebration. On Others hand, other people are not comfortable all around that. The show began with Charlie Brown worried about how he was supposed to feel on Christmas but he realized that he hasn't understood the meaning of this holiday his whole life.   He went out with some friends for advice about his feelings, and at that point he got recommendations, he needed to be involved some time about Christmas and even he was recognize that other people were not happy because they didn't get what they want. He was chosen to be the director of the child play for Christmas, he tried to put some order to the kids, he assigned roles for every kid, at this point he noticed that they needed a Christmas tree and he and Linus got out to find it.  When he found it he went back to the theather and every kid were disapointed and argued about the tree, he was more worried, but at this point one of the kids said a speech about the meaning the christmas and Charlie Brown left the theater to his house put some lights to his tree then the other kids finished to decorare his tree with love and joyful. 
This time is hard for some person that doesn't feel confortable about the christmas and all about that. We need to put particular meaning for this day. This is time to see ours families, share love with them and make wishes for us and ours families. That's the real meaning of christmas for me.  



to doze off 
Yesteday I was watching a tv show when I dozed off on the couch
To give it a shot
I tried a new restaurant las week but i didn't like it I'll give them  a shot 
to go back to the drawing board

to turn over a new leaf 
I can't pay atettion what happen on the book I'll hot the hay sack
to pull (one's self) together
Don't say anything more you nedd to pull yourself together
to be alive and kicking
On tv show Hunters Hitler is alive and kicking in 1979 on Argentina
to be stuffed
Yesterday I eat a lot I was stuffed that's why I don't get dinner
To let the cat out of the bag
She was talking with her friend when she let the cat out of the bag and she tell her the secret   
To get it/to make sense/take someone's point/to get
Everything that he said make sense for me
Againt all the odds
Againt all the odds he won the election
Don't make fun of me/don't pull my leg/don't tease me/don't make fun of me/don't mock me
Don't mock me It's serious
A match made in heaven 
Harry and Megan are a match made in heaven 

12. To go back to the drawing board: After trying my new chocolate cake recipe and failing to make it work, I decided to go back to the drawing board and create a new recipe.
When I started english classes with Juliana I decided to go back to the 
After failing and wEnglish classes 
13. To turn over a new leaf: After months of waiting, I signed my divorce yesterday and I am now ready to turn a new leaf.
It's hard to said but I need to turn over a new leaf

